docs: add case-sensitive fields for azurerm_key_vault_access_policy (#16160)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/guides/3.0-upgrade-guide.html.markdown

The deprecated field `process_not_allowed` will be removed in favour of the `processes_not_allowed` property.

### Resource: `azurerm_key_vault_access_policy`

> The fields `certificate_permissions`, `key_permissions`, `secret_permissions` and `storage_permissions` will become case-sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values for `certificate_permissions`, `key_permissions`, `secret_permissions`, and `storage_permissions` will become case-sensitive.
```
